## Homology Modeling of NS3 Protease/Helicase (PDB: 2F9V_A)
### Introduction
Protein structure prediction is crucial in understanding biological processes and drug design. This project focuses on predicting the three-dimensional structure of the NS3 protease/helicase chain A protein, retrieved from the Protein Data Bank (PDB) entry 2F9V_A. The goal is to compare the performance of two popular homology modeling algorithms, Modeller and Swiss-Model, in generating accurate structural models.

### Methods
Data Retrieval: The amino acid sequence of NS3 protease/helicase was obtained from the NCBI Protein database.
Homology Modeling:
Modeller: Utilizes comparative modeling techniques to generate protein structures based on known homologous structures.
Swiss-Model: Incorporates advanced algorithms to predict protein structures using a similar approach.
Model Evaluation:
Models generated by Modeller and Swiss-Model were evaluated using standard structural assessment tools.
### Comparison:
Performance comparison based on model quality, accuracy, and computational efficiency.
Results
The study aims to provide insights into the efficacy of Modeller and Swiss-Model in predicting the NS3 protease/helicase protein's structure. Comparative analysis will identify the optimal approach for homology modeling, contributing to structural biology and drug discovery efforts.

Swiss Model: https://swissmodel.expasy.org/interactive/zHsMFK/


### Usage
Clone the repository: git clone https://github.com/yourusername/NS3-Protease-Helicase-Homology-Modeling.git
Install required dependencies.
Run Modeller and Swiss-Model algorithms on the provided amino acid sequence.
Evaluate and compare the generated models.
Modify the analysis as needed for specific research goals.

Documentation: https://www.notion.so/mennahtullahmabrouk/Homology-Modelling-92dd3c091d7b460bafac0049ac80a60f?pvs=4

